# Scientific-contributions

Generative Adversarial Networks for face generation: A survey
路 31 mars 2022 ACM Computing Surveys 路 
https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1145/3527850
Recently, generative adversarial networks (GANs) have progressed enormously, which makes them able to learn complex data distributions in particular faces. More and more efficient GAN architectures have been designed and proposed to learn the different variations of faces, such as cross pose, age, expression, and style. These GAN-based approaches need to be reviewed, discussed, and categorized in terms of architectures, applications, and metrics. Several reviews that focus on the use and advances of GAN in general have been proposed. However, to the best of our knowledge, the GAN models applied to the face, which we call facial GANs, have never been addressed. In this article, we review facial GANs and their different applications. We mainly focus on architectures, problems, and performance evaluation with respect to each application and used datasets. More precisely, we review the progress of architectures and discuss the contributions and limits of each. Then, we expose the encountered problems of facial GANs and propose solutions to handle them. Additionally, as GAN evaluation has become a notable current defiance, we investigate the state-of-the-art quantitative and qualitative evaluation metrics and their applications. We conclude this work with a discussion on the face generation challenges and propose open research issues.

FNR-GAN: Face Normalization and Recognition with Generative Adversarial NetworksFNR-GAN: Face Normalization and Recognition with Generative Adversarial Networks
IVCNZ2022 路 25 nov. 2022
https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-031-25825-1_10
The normalization of faces in the wild is an interesting process which can improve face recognition performances and avoid the complex computation of face generation in cross different variations. In this paper, we propose a multi-objective approach that generates and recognizes normalized faces while preserving their identities. An unsupervised Face Normalization and Recognition framework using discriminant normalized features is presented. This latter is based on an optimized combination of Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) generators and Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) classifiers. The main power of our approach is to generate optimized features representing normalized faces finding a trade-off between improving identity preservation and minimizing the architecture complexity. Additionally, it can be adapted to impaired and unlabeled datasets which can respond to real-world face variations and available data. Experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms other models on face normalization and achieves state-of-the-art frontal-frontal face verification in CFP protocol and face recognition in LFW.The normalization of faces in the wild is an interesting process which can improve face recognition performances and avoid the complex computation of face generation in cross different variations. In this paper, we propose a multi-objective approach that generates and recognizes normalized faces while preserving their identities. An unsupervised Face Normalization and Recognition framework using discriminant normalized features is presented. This latter is based on an optimized combination of Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) generators and Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) classifiers. The main power of our approach is to generate optimized features representing normalized faces finding a trade-off between improving identity preservation and minimizing the architecture complexity. Additionally, it can be adapted to impaired and unlabeled datasets which can respond to real-world face variations and available data. Experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms other models on face normalization and achieves state-of-the-art frontal-frontal face verification in CFP protocol and face recognition in LFW.

EVMPR : Estimated facial View representation based on Multivariate Polynomial RegressionEVMPR : Estimated facial View representation based on Multivariate Polynomial Regression
Taima2022 路 31 mai 2022
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/361423394_EVMPR_Estimated_facial_View_representation_based_on_Multivariate_Polynomial_Regression
Cross-pose face recognition in the wild is an important problem in computer vision. The important variance between different views makes it challenging to differentiate between identities with a large intra-class variation. Multi-view modeling approaches require data sets with different views per person which are expensive in terms of collection and training, while Generative models generate new faces to augment and improve datasets. This paper presents a novel system, called EVMPR, that directly generates reduced facial representations in different poses from a single one basing on the multivariate polynomial regression between correlated features.
